The schema CIEmetaDigitalProduct_schema_04.json describes the metadata associated with datasets that are published by the CIE (https://www.cie.co.at/). It is based on datacite schema. Examples of json files are here: D:\dev\CIEmetaDigitalProduct\v4\examples . I would like to build a  interface (i.e. single file html with js) that allows to import and collect, manipulate, create new and export metadata files. The project is a kind of metadatabase. The workflows can be similar to the termdat project. In particular all changes shall be tracked (modified by, modified date, modified comments). It should be possible to see all the changes through the history on the individual entries. As usually the changes are rather small it might more efficient to collect the changes and not the new complete version, similar to what is done in git. I let you evaluate the pros and cons for tracking the history. Also similar to termdat care shall be taken to the case where the metadatabase-json was manipulated by another person in parallel. define also a data model (and schema) for this metadatabase. The entries shall also have domains, related to the CIE activities (i.e. https://www.cie.co.at/technical-work/divisions). When creating a new entry the ID shall fulfil the requirements as described in… There shall be a validation feature: you shall be able to select the datafile associated with the metadata entry (it is typically a csv file without header row), and the  metadata (for example wavelength range, checksum of file, validation ,…) is checked, respectively can be generated. The style and colour schema shall be taken from the CIE (logo: logoCIE.png,  main: colour #004EBC  secondary: #0072CF , #679BDE  and #A1BDEA). Please use the folder D:\dev\CIEmetaDigitalProduct\v4\tools\WebToo as root of the project.